# Terms and Conditions
1.	This competition is run by ESRI (UK) Limited (“Esri UK”), registered in England and Wales under company number 01288342.  By entering the competition you agree that you will be legally bound by these terms (“Terms”). We may vary the Terms of the competition, or terminate the competition, at any time without liability to any entrant or other person.
2.	The competition is free to enter. All entrants must submit their entries via Esri UK’s GitHub account only by making a pull request on the master branch and then submitting the entry. Full details regarding how to enter can be found at: https://github.com/maplabs/100lines/blob/master/README.md
3.	All of the following conditions must be met for an entry to be considered: (i) entrant is restricted to a maximum of 100 (source lines of code) lines of client-side uncompressed JavaScript code that has been independently developed and a maximum of 100 characters per line, (ii) all entries must use Esri ArcGIS JavaScript API, (iii) all entries must have separate .js and each entry must contain an index.html file to preview the app (feel free to use as much css/html code as you wish), (iv) any data used must be publically available, (v) all entries submitted must be freely distributable via Apache 2.0 license. 
4.	The entrant’s use of Github must comply with the relevant GitHub terms and conditions.
5.	The entrant’s use of Esri’s ArcGIS JavaScript API must comply with Environmental System Research Institute Inc’s (“Esri”) Website and the relevant terms of use, in particular the Esri license and services agreement.
6.	The entrant’s use of Open Data must comply with the relevant data license terms.
7.	Entries can be submitted from 17:00:00 GMT Tuesday 21th March 2017. 
8.	All entries must be submitted by 23:59 BST Sunday 23rd April 2017. Any entries submitted after this deadline will not be accepted.
9.	The entrant agrees that their name, organisation name, and competition entry may be made public and used by Esri UK howsoever Esri UK wishes including but not limited to at public events, on its website and on GitHub.
10.	You may only enter this competition if you are a resident of the United Kingdom and are aged 18 years or over. Employees (and employees immediate family and their household members) of ESRI (UK) Limited, Environmental Systems Research Institute Ireland, ESRI Holdings Group and Environmental Systems Research Institute Inc. may not apply. It is the entrant’s sole responsibility to review and understand entrant’s employer’s policies regarding eligibility to participate in this competition. It is the sole responsibility of any government employee to check that they are permitted by their employer to participate in this competition.  Winners may be asked to verify their eligibility.
11.	A maximum of five entries will be shortlisted and announced on 28th April 2017. Each entrant of the shortlisted entries will receive one free entrance to the Esri UK Annual Conference on 16th May 2017 (travel/accommodation not included). All shortlisted entries will be invited to present their entry at one of the track events at the Esri UK Annual Conference (or submit a short video presentation if they are unable to attend), where the audience will participate in a live vote to decide the best three entries. The prizes will be awarded in accordance with which entry has the most votes. In the event of a tie break on the day, Esri UK will decide the winner.
12.	Esri UK reserves the right not to permit the entries to be presented (in person or via video) at the Esri UK Annual Conference, or to present the entries itself. In the event that the entries are not presented at the Esri UK Annual Conference, the winners will be decided in advance by Esri UK. The winners will be announced at the Esri UK Annual Conference.
13.	The prizes for the winning three entries will be as follows: the first prize is for registration, flights (economy class) and accommodation (for maximum of 3 nights) for one person only to the 2017 European Developer Summit in Berlin around the period 24th – 26th October 2017 (Exact dates and times to be confirmed. Insurance, food and any other costs not included). The second prize is an iPad (specification to be decided by Esri UK). The third prize is a £100 Amazon voucher.
14.	The prizes are subject to availability, non transferable and non exchangeable. We reserve the right to replace the stated prizes with prizes we consider to be of broadly equivalent value. We offer no cash alternative and prize winners must accept the prize in the form offered. 
15.	We make no representation or warranty in relation to prizes provided and to the fullest extent permitted by law we shall have no liability to you in relation to this competition including any prize, its fitness for purposes, merchantability or otherwise. No additional, further or other costs or expenses are included in any prize unless stated.
16.	All our decisions relating to the competition and/or redemption of the prizes are final.
17.	Competition winners will be announced on 16th May 2017 and we will also contact winners by email.
18.	These terms and conditions are governed by the laws of England and Wales and entrants to this competition irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.

### Contact Information
Any questions or queries please contact smcgee@esriuk.com

